Do you know how easy it was for your parents to stay kosher in Tudiga?
I think food probably mainly came from Cardiff.
I know before Passover my grandfather had to go to Cardiff and bring stocks,
and you had to manage with what you had. If you ran out, you couldn't get more,
except that in those days a lot of the kosher standards were different today.
They opened a new sack of tea, a new sack of sugar, and that was fine,
whereas today for Passover if you're observant, you only buy things
that have got an authorized label on them before Passover.
I remember my grandfather, he must have brought it from Cardiff,
I do remember one nice little cameo of him bringing halava.
Do you know what halava is? It's a bar made from sesame seeds with added sugar.
It's quite a sweet meat, you can get it these days in the kosher shops,
he comes from Israel. And I remember him cutting slivers of it
and handing it out to the grandchildren to taste.
That must have come from Cardiff. So I presume many kosher foods came from Cardiff.